21.1 mz dashboards eud (#135)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: dashboard-for-web/articles/web-dashboard-designer-mode/ui-elements/dialogs-and-wizards/preview-data.md

---
title: Preview Data
author: Margarita Zakhodyaeva
legacyId: 117972
---
# Preview Data

> The [Dashboard Data Source Wizard](dashboard-data-source-wizard.md) and [Query Builder](query-builder.md) allow you to preview data returned after a query/[stored procedure](../../provide-data/working-with-sql-data-sources/stored-procedures.md) execution. To do this, click the **Preview...** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Dashboard Data Source Wizard](dashboard-data-source-wizard.md) and [Query Builder](query-builder.md) allows you to preview data returned after a query or [stored procedure](../../provide-data/working-with-sql-data-sources/stored-procedures.md) execution. To do this, click the **Preview...** button.
```
